what's going on everyone welcome back to
Trail makers today Two-Face and I are
back for some Noob versus knob and we're
building boats we built cars last time
it was two faces first time building the
car and how'd you like that Two-Face
how's the experience it was confusing uh
but I had a lot of fun failing so let's
see if I can have at least the same
amount of fun failing today awesome
sounds good so uh we're gonna set
another core limit of I think I guess 10
power cores you know just to uh just to
keep it even and uh I'm gonna I guess
well let Two-Face know about all of the
cool boat parts that we have in this
game and uh we'll get to building so
let's do it
[Music]
I
can't find
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
did you build your boat I had totally
built a device that is drivable that
floats in the water I don't know why I
would qualify it as a boat but it's
something all right let's see it all
right now you've got the intrigued well
oh my goodness it's amazing oh yeah oh
yeah it's great
it's perfect
there's nothing better oh I love it I
love it
it's a floating wall it's a floating
brick
I feel like I just escaped the Titanic
or something and then I just moved
something together yeah pretty much
that's amazing hey it's well it's pretty
stable right yeah yeah it's a lot I had
to work on the stability a lot right
yeah I see you've got some weights and
stuff interesting yeah I got yeah yep
yep
likely not the most top tone my God you
got a hundred kilos up front just
chilling I do yeah it was the only way I
could keep my nose down man my nose kept
lifting in the water so I actually had
problems with my uh and this is what I
built right here let me just show you oh
that's that's pretty thanks man I had
problems keeping my nose up so my thing
because my center of thrust is above my
whole vehicle it actually kept wanting
to like nose dive into the water so when
I press one not only do my thrusters get
adjusted as you can see but I also have
a wing that is
basically just creating drag but it's
helping keep the nose up so that's all
that matters for steering I do have some
thrusters up front so I can kind of turn
on the spot and I also have some paddles
in the back you know just so I can do
some more high speed turning but uh yeah
it's uh this is basically my boat it uh
it does both things it does hydroplane
things I don't know if it hydroplanes
but it uh it looks like a hydroplane and
I mean oh no there's not a whole lot to
it what side I'm back here and I'm high
Center no no here I got you man I got
you don't worry man see that there was
land don't worry man I'll save you I got
you
this isn't this isn't AAA I call it AAA
oh no
this is Triple S all right Triple S
triple oh yeah well I can't say that
nope
alrighty well are you ready to do our
first race yeah I sure am all right
let's go to the archipelago here
archipelago archipelago I don't know how
to say it in English I'm too ESL for
this alrighty I'm gonna throttle myself
forward a little bit because I don't
have reverse like you do I see you got
the fancy props I don't have props I I
built yet another stupid creation for
this oh all jet powered that's right all
right here we go into zone two one go oh
my what you didn't tell me you had a
Thrust her well I guess I could have
seen it yeah you you could have used
your eyeballs but I could have used my
eyeballs indeed indeed how you doing
back there
you know so you still got a chance if
you lack behind all right right right
right I don't think I don't think I'm
nearly as fast as you so I don't know I
don't think that's gonna happen fair
enough I'm gonna go with the cockpit
mode I'm curious what that looks ooh
cockpit mode looks awesome here let's go
full immersion boom there we go oh boy
gotta make this checkpoint definitely
take turns pretty sharp in this thing
though it's pretty nice nice yeah I mean
you're basically a square so I yeah I
would hope so yeah I mean I don't I I
haven't quite figured out the like
shaping of Uno intricate vehicle bodies
yet right obviously you will you will
you'll under I can I can teach you the
intricacies of aerodynamics and whatnot
and uh we'll get you up there hey man
after this we're building planes after
that we're building hybrid vehicles okay
so you better uh you're better better be
good yep yeah better get good I guess we
try again then I guess we try again yeah
I mean you were only like 10 seconds off
which by his own only by Zipkin
standards that's awful but by trailmaker
standards it's pretty good fair fair I
don't I don't think I don't even think
we need that a two out of three unless
you unless you mess up well I mean I
think we should do it anyway you know
here you know what I'm gonna give you
I'm gonna give you a 10 second Head
Start how about that you're gonna give
me a 10 second Head Start okay yeah yeah
all right
so let's see this perfect
one go
okay he's going I don't know how much
time there is but I'm just gonna go when
you reach that checkpoint perfect I'm
going
go go go I'm going
go go go go go go Power Rangers
oh no what happened
oh no what'd you do no North Oh I
thought something happened to oh you're
using your Thruster that's why yeah I'm
using my Thruster I saw the Thruster
trail and I freaked out I thought you
like crashed or something all right I
love first person mode it looks so good
I don't think I'd be able to turn with
first person mode true it is hello
hi bye how you doing oh wow
it's right
hey she's stable I'm proud she's stable
she wasn't for a while
oh geez oh geez and I have the birds oh
no perfect I don't think I gave you a
full 10 second Head Start
you did not I think it was like seven
all right let's try again let's try
again okay okay perfect so the timer in
the top right will tell you when it's at
10 seconds yeah see I have my recording
software there so uh I had to move that
I see apparently now I'm just saving
replays in the game though so there's
that I can I can let you know if you
want my recording software isn't there
yeah well I already moved mine so we're
all good let's get it let's get her done
the uh the two-faced Redemption round
even though I already got a best two out
of three yep it's okay you have one more
race bro it might uh it might work
towards your advantages you know sorry
it might I don't even know what I'm
saying anymore I'm going though 11
seconds let's go baby yeah yeah you got
this
you can catch me you know you can this
thing would not be
a practical thing in real life like it's
got two giant jumbo jet engines on it
and it's struggling to like not sink at
any point in time so
if anything your boat is more realistic
you know oh for sure yeah yeah
oh I see boats in Seattle that look like
this all the time fair enough with what
like 100 kilo weights just saying yeah
yeah that's the one get off my bus
what's up dog what's up dude
I got my Penguins making noise making
noise I think we should make some
changes to your uh boat here so we can
you know give you a bit of a chance to
uh
you know to actually win the next Pace
maybe to keep Pace yeah exactly yeah
here let me see this junker all right
all right all right you can drive mine
in the meantime if you want so you gotta
press one there's that toggle yeah there
you go and now you can okay and now
you're free to go mess around with it
while uh Engineers fixes your your stuff
got you gotcha you just see
me in the back amazing
oh my goodness yeah I've created a
monster I've created a monster he says
let's be honest you created a monster by
inviting me to this game fair enough
all right dude your dinghy is ready
is my dinghy ready yep hello what did
you do to my boat you did that to your
boat I haven't touched it since you've
ran it over yeah I left it there when
you ran it over right listen bro one of
these days you're gonna have to start
making your own changes you know I
definitely could I just wouldn't know
what to do
that's what I was implying is you're
gonna have to figure out what what to do
can't be helpful I mean I'm trying to be
as as newbie as I can here I mean you
are a noob so I don't think you have to
try particularly all right here we go oh
no no my boat's dead yep you killed it
you killed it you killed it what are you
talking about you killed it you were
operating it when it tipped over so
clearly it was your fault how did you
get the Turning so good
I don't know I'm just a I'm just a knob
let's do one more race here and then
we'll move on to the next one just one
more here just to see how it compares to
the old design you know and then uh hey
hey don't hey I don't have stationary
turning anymore okay well I'll be on the
right side of you it's perfect I'm not
gonna try to go over there uh sounds
good all right oh three two one
go
wow you're fast now gee you did your
mods
holy crap I actually can't catch up I
made your boat faster than mine oh um
speed wobble speed wobble goddamn speed
wobbles all right I have to I have to
play
play smart here
okay driving in the side of you may not
be smart hey hey
you're the one trying to Apex this turn
that I'm on the inside listen I you know
don't you hate I gotta cheese it I gotta
cheese it
oh yes you can get cut off scrub no no
oh that's so close dude that was so
close honestly that's that's that's good
I like the outcome of that yeah yeah
yeah cool well let's uh let's hop over
to where is this the Grand Island Tour
and then we'll uh give this one a rip I
think this is around the whole map
actually so oh dang yeah it's uh this
will be interesting all right are you
ready all right yeah I'm ready let's go
three two one go
perfect oh guys oh he's already trying
to run me over
oh yeah definitely not trying to go to
the direction
Ah that's where the other checkpoint is
okay
oh man yeah I can't believe your boat is
faster now I turned pretty wide though
true
I think that's it
on the last one if I turned a little
sharper you never had me you never had
your boat
true
oh no how am I losing here I don't know
I'm wobbling like I see the wobbles the
wobbles are hilarious I'm gonna go
cruising in first person here the smoke
Trails behind me the smoke trails are
like literally freaking getting in my in
my like spaghetti
like spaghetti smoke spaghetti smoke
yeah forget no no dude this is not good
I'm decent at going in a straight line
it turns out oh no this is mostly going
in a straight line right
just one big circle I am I'm not I'm not
happy about this
you did this to yourself friend I did do
this to myself hey I mean if if at any
point in time you just want to wipe out
then that's perfectly fine with me
I could definitely try
if that's what you really want oh no oh
man these speed wobbles like my boat's
like drunk or something something it
forgot it forgot how to boat right it's
like trying to be a plane but can't
quite get out of the water
that's what happens when you build a
flat surface for a boat just tries to
pretty much a fly it's whereas this next
checkpoint okay perfectly over there
perfect hey if you want to get beached
as well that that would also be awesome
that would be that'd be super cool right
yeah I think so I bet you'd like that
wouldn't you
I would love that yeah no secrets here I
want you to fail I want you to fail hey
um meanwhile I fixed your boat right you
made my boat faster than yours sir yeah
yeah I don't know if I can catch up to
you my dude yeah it's just all these
straightaways all the straightaways I
mean I'm going you know I'm going I'm
doing the thing but I'm only going like
108 kilometers an hour oh I'm still on
I'm still in miles per hour you go like
65 right like 67 or 70 72 72 yeah okay
yeah you're pulling away this this blows
like it's like a high 72 it flicks back
and forth between 72 and 73. I veto you
have to use your old boat design
but see this is what I mean that's why
this thing is Not Practical because I'm
using 10 power of course grant that I'm
using two power cores for steering so
that's kind of a self-handicap right
there yeah I think you took away my
steering power course I think you just
gave me all forward momentum power of
course I did didn't I where's the Finish
ah there it is it's on the other side of
there's a rock oh no
oh no two face one I can't believe it
one I did it I can't believe it bye I'm
not believing it almost by like seven
eight seconds yeah wow ish all right
well I guess uh we gotta try again and
uh this time hopefully I do a little bit
better would you like a head start no
yes no no you gave me a headstone no no
I can only show you the song generosity
you should no no no it's all good it's
all good I got a plan all right two he's
got a plan one go
that was not my plan oh no
keep going keep going oh no that was not
my plan at all it's okay you broke me in
the process yeah but now you're ahead
again I feel like I feel like if we were
on the other track we might go back and
forth on wins with with me having this
boat probably yeah because you
definitely take it turns better than I
do yeah for sure
for sure well hey if any of you put in
time you just want to slow down I mean
that's also fine I'm gonna go into my
cruise mode here oh I didn't say oh I
didn't mean to actually slow down that's
cheating don't cheat two-faced why are
you cheating is it cheating yeah it's
cheating it's cheating in my favor I
just wanted to be near my friend right
what's wrong with that I don't know it's
kind of weird it's a lot easier to have
a conversation if you don't have to yell
over a large distance uh bro I'm yelling
over two giant jumbo Jets what are you
talking about
oh no eat my spaghut I'm in your spagoot
Trail again
it's a nice leisurely you know Grand
Island Tour getting a few minutes yeah
for sure it's just like if you want a
nice little tour of the island see all
the sights that there are to be seen
along the coastline yep yeah
I should have just put some guns on this
thing you know blowing you apart
I wouldn't have even known we never said
No weapons we never said No weapons so
you know what's funny is I almost put
some on mine just for uh traps and
cackles all right we call them shiggles
here sir shiggles the the PC version I
was taught growing up as crafts and
cackles right right dang dude Well I
this this is looking like a GG for me
hey at least we tied
yeah that's true that's true we did tie
we could have another tiebreaker on the
archipelago see how that goes I mean
technically we already had it and you
still won so true these are facts I
can't believe your dumb boat is actually
doing so well
like that thing is so stupid and mine's
not any better either like mine's just
like like I could have put better
thrusters on it I just chose not to
because I wanted to build with giant
jumbo Jets and here we are this is the
predicament and I only have eight power
cores towards forward thrust so I'm just
like I'm really stupid real stupid rare
strawberry you're too far behind me to
eat my spaghetti yep at least you got a
cool paint job your paint job is
significantly cooler than mine I went a
little off trajectory either I saw that
I'm like what is he doing that's not
where the checkpoint is
now that it's gonna help me at all but
you know I kind of had to stop and slow
down a little bit to make that turn but
I accelerate fast enough it basically
doesn't matter yeah you uh you you got a
speedy one now you definitely have a
speeding one now and he made fun of
putting late in the front on my I took
the weight off my dude you took the
weight off yes I noticed because it was
stupid
I'm sorry I extended it I extended the
boat further and and everything worked
out yeah
see originally I had this like five by
four or something right right
but the question is can you do this try
again can you do this but can you do
this well can you do this but can you do
this but can you do this yeah yeah I
used to I I used to be able to do that
but you took that ability Away From Me
Oh No Cry Me a River okay well do you
want to do one more finale let's do one
more finale just yeah yeah just for the
crackles the crackables the crackables
man I love this thing though if it had a
little bit more power it would be
perfect I mean after this I'm not
limited to 10 power cores anymore so I
could throw some throw some props
underneath you know make her make her a
little go fast all right here we go
three two one go
how's that for a jump start huh yeah
yeah yeah pulled the same move I did
last time we recorded yup
except you didn't reverse first because
I can't you trying to rub it in bro yeah
I want to see you trying to make this
turn actually I'm not gonna get it oh no
he tried to sink oh no he sunk me he
freaking sunk me oh let's go man I built
this boat for him and he does me dirty
like that how dare you you modified my
boat for me sir yeah I build your boat
for you and you're doing me dirty all
right here we go
I guess two-faced wins with his cheater
tactics
that I couldn't bump you ah fair enough
fair enough
well I hope you guys enjoyed this
episode of uh Noob versus knob I love
how that name's just gonna stick Now new
version we're just gonna keep using it
it's gonna be great it's gonna be
fantastic
um but let us know what you guys want to
see oh my paint job's like not have been
freaking symmetrical that's that's
unfortunate let us know what you guys
want to see uh we're gonna be doing
planes next I think there's gonna be
quite the challenge for two face so I'll
be I'm curious to see what he builds and
yeah let's see I'll build a box that can
maybe fly perfect perfect but you guys
let it snow regardless because uh we're
always open to more ideas and we'll see
you in the next one bye bye
[Music]
thank you